Adding information on new features for DCAT 3 and prioritization (#1531)
w3c/dxwg: docs/explainer.md

DCAT versioning supports versions resulting from a revision - i.e., from changes occurring to a resource as part of its life-cycle. DCAT mints new properties for versioning resources building upon existing vocabularies, in particular, the versioning component of the [[PAV](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-3/#bib-pav)] ontology and the relevant terms from [[DCTERMS](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-3/#bib-dcterms)], and [[VOCAB-ADMS](https://www.w3.org/TR/vocab-dcat-3/#bib-vocab-adms)].

## Prioritization of the issues /requirements to address in DCAT 3
The prioritization was made considering the [requirements left out from the second round of standardization](https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/issues?q=label%3Adcat++closed%3A%3E2020-02-01+label%3Arequirement+) and the feedback received at the time.

We organized the issues on different [GitHub Projects](https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/projects?query=is%3Aopen&type=classic), splitting the effort into Thematically-homogeneous sprints. 

  Among the sprints, we decide to prioritize [DCAT Sprint: Dataset Series](https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/projects/10) and [DCAT Sprint: Versioning](https://github.com/w3c/dxwg/projects/9) as

> - they counted a quite conspicuous number of open issues, 14 and 18 open issues, respectively

Reviewer: did you mean conspicuous or copious?

Author: Both are fine for me. I'll use copious as it seems that you think it is better.

> - they counted a quite conspicuous number of open issues, 14 and 18 open issues, respectively

Author: ```suggestion
- they counted a quite copious number of open issues, 14 and 18 open issues, respectively
```

- they seemed to be two core building blocks whose stabilization could simplify addressing other aspects
- they were relevant for different communities, from governmental to open science.

> Of course, we didn't work only on Dataset series and Versioning,

Reviewer: I would change this sentence to: "In addition to Dataset series and Versioning, we also worked on other issues".

> Of course, we didn't work only on Dataset series and Versioning,

Author: Fine to me
```suggestion
In addition to Dataset series and Versioning, we also worked on other issues,
```

> In addition to Dataset series and Versioning, we also worked on other issues,

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to Dataset series and Versioning, we also worked on other issues.
```
